If you are a wild girl from the country
Dare to ride on my head and humiliate me
This is what happens to you.
Damn bitch
Luoyan is the daughter of the Lu family, the richest man in Jiangshen
Why didn't you say it sooner?
I was almost beaten to death by his seven brothers
Idiot Lu family has a total of 7 young masters
He's a poor, wild girl
How could he possibly be the richest daughter?
How dare this bitch lie to me
How can I teach him a lesson in the future?
You call me the money right now
You messed up and want the money to go
Big brother didn't admit his mistake this time, did he?
Hmm, there shouldn't be any.
Little sister finally found you
This is the meeting gift prepared for you by my brothers in the early stage.
Take a look.
scram
Where did the second-rate come from?